# Project dependencies and their justifications.

Project `IFC` is composed of two crates, `ifc` and `ifc-macros`. Crate `ifc` provides the basic types for building IFC, but crate `ifc-macros` is a procedural macro library that provides macros for transforming code blocks into something that makes use of the `ifc` crate. Crate `ifc` is designed to be extremely minimal. As such, it has no external dependencies.

`ifc-macros` crate depends on four crates: `syn`, `quote`, `proc-macro2`, and `proc-macro-error`. It also depends on a compiler intrinsic library called `proc-macro`.

The intrinsics library `proc-macro` allows us to write functions that take token stream as input and produce tokens stream as outputs. The crate `proc-macro2` makes it possible to use the types exported by `proc-macros` in normal libraries (such as `syn` and `quote`).

Crate `syn` makes it possible to convert tokens stream into AST-like structure for rust. It can also be extended to any arbitrary AST. The job of crate `quote` is exactly the opposite, that is converting the AST-like structure into tokens stream.

Crate `proc-macro-error` has two jobs: First, it allows for a graceful exit when an unrecoverable error happens. It also provides a way for reporting errors and warnings that looks very similar to `rustc`'s own errors and warnings. 

Technically speaking, crate `ifc-macros` does not depend on `ifc`, but the code generated by the macro-system may depend on `ifc`. So it is considered important to import crate `ifc` when importing `ifc-macros`.
